---
seo:
    title: Privacy Policy
    description: This policy describes how MTU XRP Ledger trust respects your privacy and details the collection, use, and disclosure of data involved in using this service.
---
# XRPL.org Privacy Policy

Last updated: Jan 20, 2023

MTU XRP Ledger Trust (“MTU XRP Ledger Trust”, “We”, “Our”, “Us”) respects our users’ need for privacy, and this Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use this Service.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* _Company_ - (referred to as either "MTU XRP Ledger Trust", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this policy) refers to XRPL.org
* _Cookies_ - are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
* _Device_ - means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a mobile phone or a digital tablet.
* _Personal Data_ - is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* _Service_ - refers to this XRPL.org website.
* _Service Provider_ - means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of MTU XRP Ledger Trust. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by MTU XRP Ledger Trust to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of MTU XRP Ledger Trust, to perform services related to the Service or to assist MTU XRP Ledger Trust in analyzing how the Service is used.
* _Usage Data_ - refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* _You_ - means the individual accessing or using the Service, or MTU XRP Ledger Trust, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Data

### Types of Data Collected

**Usage Data** is automatically collected when using this Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

## Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

* _Cookies or Browser Cookies_ - A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
* _Flash Cookies_ - Certain features of our Service may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about Your preferences or Your activity on our Service. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies.
* _Web Beacons_ - Certain sections of our Service may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser.

## Use of Your Usage Data

The Company may use Usage Data for the following purposes:

**To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
**To manage Your requests:** To attend and manage Your requests to Us.

**For other purposes:** We may use Your Usage Data for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service and your experience.

We may share Your Usage Data in the following situations:

**With Service Providers:** We may share Your Usage Data with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

**With business partners:** We may share Your Usage Data with Our business partners who provide content on this website.

**With Your consent:** We may disclose Your Usage Data for any other purpose with Your consent.

## Retention of Your Usage Data

The Company will retain Your Usage Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Usage Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws, strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

## Transfer of Your Usage Data

Your Usage Data is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

## Disclosure of Your Usage Data

## Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Usage Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

## Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Usage Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
* Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will provide a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

MTU XRP Ledger Trust

**Regd Office**  
15, Ringtee  
Kuressaare  
Estonia 93815

**Tallinn Office**  
802, Lõõtsa tn 5  
Tallinn  
Estonia 11415

**By email:** info@xrplf.org
